Add run command enabled parameter to AKS cluster (#15029)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/kubernetes_cluster.html.markdown

* `role_based_access_control` - (Optional) A `role_based_access_control` block. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `run_command_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable run command for the cluster or not. True by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `run_command_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable run command for the cluster or not. Defaults to `true`.
```
